rauc: prepare for hermetic /usr/ (#427)
rauc/meta-rauc: README.rst

Migration Notes
===============

Since **wrynose**, the ``system.conf`` and keyring file will be installed into
``/usr/lib/rauc`` by default to align with the 'hermetic ``/usr/``' policy

> followed by other OE components (like systemd), too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since **wrynose**, the ``system.conf`` and keyring file will be installed into
``/usr/lib/rauc`` to align with the 'hermetic ``/usr/``' policy
followed by other OE components (like systemd).
```

I'd leave out "by default" as this is not explicitly configurable in our recipe.

Reviewer: Perhaps also add something like `If you rely on the exact path where the ``system.conf`` is installed, you will need to adjust your integration.`?

Author: > I'd leave out "by default" as this is not explicitly configurable in our recipe.

But you have the option to use a modified recipe or a custom conf recipe. I changed it to explicitly note that the `rauc-conf` recipe changed.

> Perhaps also add something like If you rely on the exact path where the ``system.conf`` is installed, you will need to adjust your integration.?

Not fully sure if that's needed, but added.
